p0/todo.md, before:

# To Do
- [ ] Change the Website title and add a real meta description
- [ ] Swap "Nova" logo text to "Hire Ground" across the header and footer
- [ ]  Remove the Blog page and it's link in the nav menu. Also remove the entire "Recent Blog Posts" section on the homepage.
- [ ] Rename "Services" to "Programs" and replace the six service cards with - Workshops, Leadership Trainings, etc. (may not need all 6 cards)
- [ ] Merge the nav dropdown and Services and possibly change that to "Programs" and create sub pages titled Mentorship, Resources & Free Tools, Schools & Organizations, and FAQS 
- [ ]  Need to replace the hero-bg.jpg image with an image of the Hire Ground logo. Plus, I need to rewrite the hero headline and subtext.
- [ ]  Remove the Youtube link button titled "watch now" in hero
- [ ] Remove call to action section from homepage
- [ ]  Colors on the homepage need to be changed a bit to match the color palette of Hire Ground.
- [ ] Replace all lorem ipsum with brand-specific content
- [ ]  If possible set site fonts to Alternate Gothic, Lovelo or Norwester 
- [ ] Replace stock icons with Bootstrap icons that match each program's theme.
- [ ] Add descriptive alt text for all new images
- [ ] Remove unused vendor assets to keep my work with only what I actually need
- [ ] Create a route to all the new pages

Commit message:

workshops page and favicon complete

p0/todo.md, after:

# To Do
- [x] Change the Website title and add a real meta description
- [x] Swap "Nova" logo text to "Hire Ground" across the header and footer
- [x]  Remove the Blog page and it's link in the nav menu. Also remove the entire "Recent Blog Posts" section on the homepage.
- [x]replace the six service cards with - Workshops, Leadership Trainings, etc. (may not need all 6 cards)
- [x] Merge the nav dropdown and Services and possibly change that to "Programs" and create sub pages titled Mentorship, Resources & Free Tools, Schools & Organizations, and FAQS 
- [x]  Need to replace the hero-bg.jpg image with an image of the Hire Ground logo. Plus, I need to rewrite the hero headline and subtext.
- [x]  Remove the Youtube link button titled "watch now" in hero
- [x] Remove call to action section from homepage
- [x]  Colors on the homepage need to be changed a bit to match the color palette of Hire Ground.
- [] Replace all lorem ipsum with brand-specific content
- [x] Replace stock icons with Bootstrap icons that match each program's theme.
- [ ] Add descriptive alt text for all new images
- [x] Create a route to all the new pages 

# Update
- [ ] favicon updated
- [ ] pages that still need to be done are workshops, leadership training, partnerships, athletes & coaches
- [ ] Pricing needs to be redone a bit to match the rest of the site
- [ ] favicons need to be updated on every page
- [ ] final checks include, making sure all links work, all images have alt text, everything I don't need is deleted
